baggageScanner/BaggageScanner.java
 baggageScanner.BaggageScanner
baggageScanner/Record.java
 baggageScanner.Record
baggageScanner/TestStripe.java
 baggageScanner.TestStripe
federalPolice/FederalPoliceOffice.java
 federalPolice.FederalPoliceOffice
baggageScanner/ManualPostControl.java
 baggageScanner.ManualPostControl
federalPolice/HighPressureWaterJet.java
 federalPolice.HighPressureWaterJet
employee/id/IDType.java
 employee.id.IDType
baggageScanner/operatingStation/Scanner.java
 baggageScanner.operatingStation.Scanner
employee/id/IDCard.java
 employee.id.IDCard
employee/Inspector.java
 employee.Inspector
employee/id/ProfileManager.java
 employee.id.ProfileManager
baggage/Passenger.java
 baggage.Passenger
employee/Employee.java
 employee.Employee
baggageScanner/buttons/Button.java
 baggageScanner.buttons.Button
federalPolice/FederalPoliceOfficer.java
 federalPolice.FederalPoliceOfficer
baggageScanner/ExplosiveTraceDetector.java
 baggageScanner.ExplosiveTraceDetector
employee/Supervisor.java
 employee.Supervisor
baggageScanner/conveyingComponents/Belt.java
 baggageScanner.conveyingComponents.Belt
Configuration.java
 Configuration
employee/Technician.java
 employee.Technician
baggage/HandBaggage.java
 baggage.HandBaggage
AlgorithmType.java
 AlgorithmType
baggageScanner/operatingStation/OperatingStation.java
 baggageScanner.operatingStation.OperatingStation
baggageScanner/BaggageScannerStatus.java
 baggageScanner.BaggageScannerStatus
baggage/Layer.java
 baggage.Layer
employee/id/MagnetStripe.java
 employee.id.MagnetStripe
baggageScanner/Supervision.java
 baggageScanner.Supervision
baggageScanner/conveyingComponents/Track.java
 baggageScanner.conveyingComponents.Track
federalPolice/Robocop.java
 federalPolice.Robocop
baggageScanner/conveyingComponents/RollerConveyor.java
 baggageScanner.conveyingComponents.RollerConveyor
employee/id/ProfileType.java
 employee.id.ProfileType
baggageScanner/conveyingComponents/Tray.java
 baggageScanner.conveyingComponents.Tray
federalPolice/ProhibitedItems.java
 federalPolice.ProhibitedItems
